Add test plan for QUARKUS-658 - Reactive REST client - support HTTP/2 (#154)
quarkus-qe/quarkus-test-plans: QUARKUS-658.md

# QUARKUS-658 - Reactive REST client - support HTTP/2

JIRA: https://issues.redhat.com/browse/QUARKUS-658

PR: https://github.com/quarkusio/quarkus/pull/31192

Upstream issue: https://github.com/quarkusio/quarkus/issues/13969

Quarkus should be able to use http/2 on client side to be able to comunicate with other microservices.

## Scope of the testing

> Scope of the test will cover basic usage of rest client inside quarkus. The complex scenarios like sending request to diferent API/microservice won't be covered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The scope of the tests will cover the usage of reactive rest client inside Quarkus. The complex scenarios like sending requests to different APIs/microservices won't be covered.
```

Scope in point will be:
- Run Quarkus application and send requests using `http/2` to verify that server response with `http/2`. 
- Run Quarkus application with enabled Application-Layer Protocol Negotiation (alpn) to verify that correct http version is used.
- Check the usecases using HTTP and HTTPS.

> These points will be covered for single REST client and all REST client to verify all of these properties:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These points will be covered for a single REST client and all REST clients to verify these properties:
```

Not sure what I should imagine under single REST client vs. all REST clients. Please elaborate.

```
// All REST clients
quarkus.rest-client.http2=true
quarkus.rest-client.alpn=true

> // single REST Client:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Single REST Client:
```

quarkus.rest-client.extensions-api.http2=true
quarkus.rest-client.extensions-api.alpn=true
```

New tests will be run in jvm and native mode.

## Existing test coverage

> - We already have test for http/2 client side to test client sync and async. This test are both in reactive and non-reactive modules and are disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We already have tests for http/2 client side to test client sync and async. These tests are both in reactive and non-reactive modules and are disabled.
```

	- Non-reactive tests will be removed as only reactive client should be used.

> 	- These test need to be updated as they failing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	- Reactive tests need to be updated as they are failing.
```

### Impact on test suites and testing automation

> - New module inside http module with name `http2`

Reviewer: So the existing disabled tests will be moved to dedicated module?

Why not keeping the tests in https://github.com/quarkus-qe/quarkus-test-suite/tree/main/http/rest-client-reactive module? My preference would be not to introduce new module as the is already suitable "home" available.

Author: The existing test were in http-advanced. I'll move them to rest-client-reactive. I found out that we have this module on Tuesday morning. So now I update the test plan and all of the http2 tests coverage should be in rest-client-reactive module. Thanks for letting me know that we have it.
